---
layout: text-page
title:  "Bookings"
date:   2016-04-08 21:17:59 +0100
permalink: /shibari/booking
---
Stuff to include:

I am available for bookings as a rigger for performances, photo / video shoots & creative projects, workshops and private tuition.  

In limited and selective cases I may also be available as a shibari model / bottom, please see below for details.

<h2 class="information-text-h2">Performances</h2>

I am available for shibari performances as a rigger

<h2 class="information-text-h2">Shoots & Creative Projects</h2>

And photoshoots

<h2 class="information-text-h2">Workshops</h2>

Workshop Organisers: If you are interested in organising a workshop with me in your area please take a look at the 'Workshops' page for information and send me an email so that I can send you a PDF with more information.

Prices - this should probably be negotiable

<h2 class="information-text-h2">Touring</h2>
If you're an event organiser and you wish to organise something with me...

If you live outside of the UK and you want to know when I might be in your area, please feel free to send a message for more information or subscribe to my mailing list to be kept updated with my travel and touring plans.

What i'm not available for:

<h2 class="information-text-h2">AS A MODEL</h2>
I began to gradually scale back the work I take on as a shibari model/bottom in c. early 2015. Whilst I am still in love with being in ropes, I've decided that the best way to keep it that way is to be more selective about who ties me; as a result I am only available for bookings as a model with a very very short shortlist riggers that I am familiar with and trust. If you are interested in organising a performance or photoshoot with me as a model in ropes please feel free to contact me, and I will contact the riggers I am happy to work with on your behalf. Thank you for your understanding.

<b>CANCELLATION POLICY</b>: <em>bookings cancelled with less than 2 weeks notice are subject to a cancellation fee. International bookings are additionally subject to a reimbursement of any expenses already incurred at the time of cancellation irrespective of the notice given.</em>

How to book
