---
layout: text-page-education
title:  "Hojojutsu Inspired Ties"
date:   2015-11-11 21:17:59 +0100
permalink: /shibari/workshops/hojojutsu
categories:
 - wsbeginner

---
I teach this topic in 3 main parts, which can taught as short standalone workshops or combined to create a longer workshop. I have found that it works well for groups of mixed level students.

Participants should be advised that any of these workshops have the potential to include neck rope, face rope, hair rope, or crotch rope.

**HOJOJUTSU GOTE (BASIC PRINCIPLES)**<br>
[1 - 2 hours]<br>
Using basic hojojutsu gote patterns to explain a little behind the concept of Hojojutsu inspired shibari whilst also incorporating information on safety when using neck ropes.

**ONE ROPE SHAPES**<br>
[2 - 3 hours]<br>
For riggers, this is aimed at experimenting with tension, creativity, fast tying and understanding body mechanics.<br>
This workshop is also good for models who want to experiment and build confidence with challenging body positions.

**HOJOJUTSU INSPIRED TORTURE**<br>
[3 - 4 hours]<br>
A range of simple but effective ties that can be tailored to the level of the group to include floor ties, partials, predicaments and (at intermediate level) simple suspensions.

**Student Prerequisites**<br>
***Riggers:***<br>
>> Non collapsible single column tie<br>
***Models:***<br>
>> No experience necessary.<br>
<br>
**Materials Needed**: 3 ropes of 7.5-8m in length, plus a few short pieces. Tenugi, or other clean cloth suitable for covering the face.
